there is a newborn child in this house I
will feed my milk to this child come
come to me my dear child by drinking
Putin as poisonous milk that child died
Buddha went from one village to another
and killed many newborn babies with our
poisonous milk finally she reached
and forced model Krishna to have her
milk
I am in a lot of pain this child
oldest child is torturing me and is
going to kill me slowly she could not
breathe anymore
and finally she died that's when Google
villagers saw her in her huge Chinese
farm
none Dalia shoda were very happy to see
their children grow up in Google the
first time baby Krishna turned around
there were celebrations held in which a
lot of people were called Krishna was
tired and went off to sleep
so yeshoda kept him under the shadows of
the cart and went off to meet her guests
Krishna woke up from his sleep and
started to cry
Yashoda was far away hence she could not
hear Balkrishna crime finding himself
all alone he pushed the cart with his
small feet and the dart tumbled over and
created a huge sound everyone came over
running and saw the state of the cart
they all started discussing whether was
there too much weight on the cart or did
it fall off on its own
this God has tumbled over my Krishna
kicking it
we saw him kicking the God when we were
playing with each other one day as
Krishna was playing all of a sudden our
cycloned full of dust and muck took him
along with it towards the sky
this cycle was none other than Kansas
demon friend through Nevada who had come
to kill Krishna the whole sky became
full of dust and mud and one could not
see anything at all as soon as he showed
us saw the cyclone she came outside to
look for Krishna but could not find him
he was blamed righteous son taiga if
anyone has seen Krishna then please tell
me I am really very tense not finding
him here that cruel demon robber took
Krishna along with him towards the sky
with the motive of killing him
but as the lava along the disciple kept
moving upwards Englishness kept getting
heavier and pannier that's when krishna
health Lavazza neck and pressed it hard
because of which he could no longer
breathe wait he fell on the earth with a
big thud the people of Gokul was shocked
to see that even now Krishna was
pressing the demon's neck once again
while Krishna was saved and he started
playing happily in his mother's arms one
day Rajguru head gergich arya came to
meet number that's when Raj Beruit
gergich I rated the naming ceremony of
both these children in a secretive
manner so that girls would not find out
about the naming ceremony Roja nice son
will have an attractive personality and
he will also be multi-talented he will
take care of all his subjects he shall
be known as ROM to everyone because of
his power and his personality he will be
known as Pal ROM by everyone in this
world
he will also carry a hull with him all
the time and that is why he will also be
known as Hulda the name of the second
child shall be Krishna because of his
dark complexion he will spread happiness
peace and prosperity in the whole
universe he who loves him will be a
lucky person
these two together will be the ones to
kill all the demons and read pretty of
all the cruelty and torture